hello guys today I have another squad
builder for you guys and this is sort of
a brazilian série a hybrid based around
the informal ameya card I heard some
great reviews about him so I decided to
stick him in the team and make a team
around him and as I said this is sort of
brazilian / serie a hybrid so I hope you
enjoy it so let's get started with the
goalkeeper for the team we have hand
done and on a bitch I believe that's how
you say 84 dive in 78 handling 80 kick
in 84 reflexes an 86 position in this
guy has the acrobatics lifestyle which
makes him absolutely insane he saves
mostly every shots in a game and I just
really enjoy using him and 1000 coins
for a guy like this and six foot four so
he's quite taller than that is generally
one of the best goalkeepers for that
price in the game and I really enjoyed
using him moving over to the first
centre back for the team we have dead
i-81 pay 70 passing and a tip on
defending idea 82 heading this guy's
absolutely insane as many people know
he's quite an overpowered defender
six-foot-four and only two thousand
coins generally really worth it and
really enjoyed using that card moving
over to the main center back for the
team we have och Bona 80 page 81
different in 82 head and he's been in
quite a few of my squad builders before
and generally really enjoy using his
card 1200 chords well in this formation
which is just insane for a player like
him and he is obviously one of the most
overpowered defenders in the game as
I've said many times before moving on to
the last sent back we have another
overpowered serie a defender which is
gamberini 78 page 80 defendants MTI head
and this guy is so cheap as well 650
coins for gamberini which is an absolute
steal I believe I picked him up on a bid
which isn't too bad and generally such a
solid backline this is three of the most
overpowered defenders and I will take
that every day of the week moving over
to the left min for the team we have nen
a 77 pays a tee shot 80 for passing 86
dribbling and four-star skills which is
obviously lovely 1700 coins which is an
absolute bargain again and I did
alternate between ni Gil van and Michel
Bastos Gil van was really cheap as well
1000 coins and forced our skills and
obviously that blistering ati pace and
michelle ambassadors 82 pays 82 shot 83
parts in 83 dribbling Michel Bastos has
really good free kicks 1100
and for style week for not week first
skill moves again sorry and generally I
didn't really enjoy using bastos he just
feels really sluggish on the ball and
gives them away the ball quite a lot and
really didn't enjoy using his car too
much that's why i alternated between
these three players moving over to the
first sentiment we have Hernandez and
obviously coming down from my cam i'll
believe it is to ACM bumped his card
price up a bit which is 10,000 and he
has a five-star weak foot enforced our
skill moves force in the mid which is
absolutely lovely 69 pace which is a bit
of a letdown but it's not to worry and
sitting in the senator mid position
which isn't too bad at all and generally
really enjoyed using his card he gets
forward quite a lot and I really enjoyed
using it moving over to the second
center mid we have kevin-prince boateng
80 page 82 shot 79 parts in 86 driven
and 83 head in and 77 defendant this
card is so well-rounded and really
enjoyed using it but he didn't do too
much for me twenty thousand coins again
just because he's converted down from a
cam to sentiment four-star we fought and
four-star skill moves which is quite
nice to have in the center of a midfield
moving over to the right mint for the
team we have Palacio this guy says he's
card only has iti pace I believe that
should be about 93 I think he has really
fast acceleration that's why he just
seems so much faster 81 shot in 78
passing an 86 dribbling and four-star
skill moves and only 3500 coins which is
absolutely lovely and really enjoyed
using his card moving over to the right
forward position we have the informal
ameya card this guy is an absolute beast
twenty-six thousand coins as well for
this guy's an absolute bargain skill
moves five-star only a three-star weak
front which isn't too bad but I really
enjoyed using his card and generally
such a beast to play with moving over to
the striker we have zarate now this guy
is absolutely insane 91 pace 72 shooting
88 dribbling and forced us give us on
four-star weak foot which is obviously
lovely 6400 coins just because he's
converted from a center forward to a
striker but absolutely beat for the team
and really enjoyed his card he has such
a great long shot as well moving over to
the left forward we have a Robinho 88
pace 75 shot 77 paths in 91 ribbon he
was in one of my squad builders the
other day and
such a piece to play with 6300 coins in
this formation five-star skill moves and
four-star week for makes him such a
great women to have already look forward
to have and generally such a beast to
play with so agile on the ball like I've
said before so there's the team guys I
hope you enjoyed it if you want to leave
any more suggestions for any more squads
to build in the comments down below feel
free to and maybe like the video if you
enjoyed it and I will see you guys next
time peace yeah
what's up people and hey a throw harder
than 12 am in the Cayman may come pray
till the Amen step in and we spent two
Levite drones on tour like white peeps
in the deep town board this island I
will go the highest party soul I've got
us wild no riots buckle but the rag with
the belt of Orion couple of the guys on
the bride's that I ride it's trying to
have fun no drugs no silence because
turns up to live out the horizon chillin
with the fam chillin with the friends if
I don't do it now man I'm gonna do it
dance I live it up big like today is my
last teens yelling the older like they
trying to die fast but I'm heads up like
a two-faced quarter to face people with
this new age drama passing wrong news
like will you say brother all up in my
circle so I found a new partner damn man
I'm doing what I do best being me
impress those who knew that dangles way
you such a cool cat coming with the new
raps get I'm saying that I don't know
but I tell you what my school and get
the hunter got my brain with the group
that I'm blowing the Seas bootstraps
such a mystery Blue Dog feeling kids
that to the west seven mile beach coming
from the east blowholes level sleep back
to came and nothing though it's our
cheap have taken pretty tricks with
every chick that I meet
say I'm living the life but it takes
some work to deliver the right to look
son Zach in killing the night that I
stay up you trying to write and write
huh at the farm chillin with the turtles
when I'm on our track a jump beach like
hurdles beats like burgers like a scene
like murder got a lot of season while
Steve like articles on a roll like
wheels and kings I remember those days
sneaking in the new gonna flow hot keep
the ring the night chill with the peaks
eat and drink huh buy a ticket it'll be
all right because it's light that we
living in the three four five
the super try a man came in so good we
had the beach me a manner when the
supermarket's good chillin everywhere
man we rolling in the skate park that
day
the goalkeeper another bad moment not
expressly today you're just going to try
to pick it up